Bug 1633445 - Split BigQuery cookbook into 3 parts (#468)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/SUMMARY.md

    * [Glean Debug ping viewer](concepts/glean/debug_ping_view.md)
  * [Growth & Usage Dashboard (GUD)](tools/gud.md)
* [Analysis cookbooks](cookbooks/index.md)

>     * [Accessing and working with BigQuery](cookbooks/bigquery.md)
>         * [Access](cookbooks/bigquery/access.md)
>         * [Querying Tables](cookbooks/bigquery/querying.md)
>         * [Optimization](ccookbooks/bigquery/optimization.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Accessing and working with BigQuery](cookbooks/bigquery.md)
        * [Accessing BigQuery](cookbooks/bigquery/access.md)
        * [Writing BigQuery Queries](cookbooks/bigquery/querying.md)
        * [Optimizing BigQuery Queries](cookbooks/bigquery/optimization.md)
```
